# Python Telegram Bot with Hugging Face Integration

## Overview

This Python Telegram bot integrates with Hugging Face's Transformers to provide intelligent responses to user messages. Designed for ease of use and extensibility, it allows developers to enhance its functionality according to their needs.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.6+
- pip (Python package installer)
- Telegram bot token (obtainable through [BotFather](https://t.me/botfather))

### Installation

#### 1. Clone the Repository

Start by cloning the project to your local machine:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/my_telegram_bot_project.git

```
for navigate inside the folder:

```bash
cd my_telegram_bot_project](https://github.com/pundhirdevvrat/anymentor.git
```

#### 2. Virtual Environment Setup

```bash

Run the provided `setup.py` script to create a virtual environment and install the necessary dependencies:
python setup.py

```

This script handles the creation of a virtual environment and the installation of dependencies listed in `requirements.txt`.

#### 3. Activate the Virtual Environment

Activate the newly created virtual environment:

- **Windows:**

  ```cmd
  .\venv\Scripts\activate
  ```

- **Unix/Linux/macOS:**

  ```bash
  source venv/bin/activate
  ```

#### 4. Bot Token Configuration

Insert your Telegram bot token into `bot.py`:

- Open `bot.py` with your preferred text editor.
- Locate the line `updater = Updater("YOUR_TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN", use_context=True)`.
- Replace `"YOUR_TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN"` with your actual bot token.

### Running Your Bot

With the setup complete, start your bot by running:

```bash
python bot.py
```

Interact with your bot on Telegram by sending it messages, and it will reply using responses generated by the Hugging Face model.

## Features

- **Text Generation**: Utilizes Hugging Face's powerful Transformers for dynamic text generation.
- **Easy Customization**: Designed for straightforward modifications and enhancements.
- **Cross-Platform**: Compatible with various operating systems including Windows, macOS, and Linux.

## Adding Features

To extend the bot's capabilities:

- Explore the [Telegram Bot API](https://core.telegram.org/bots/api) for additional functionalities.
- Incorporate more models from the [Hugging Face's `transformers` library](https://huggingface.co/transformers/).

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! To contribute:

1. Fork the project.
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`).
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`).
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`).
5. Open a pull request.

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

## Acknowledgments

- [Hugging Face Transformers](https://huggingface.co/transformers/)
- [python-telegram-bot](https://python-telegram-bot.org/)
